Sunray: add note regarding loginGUI (#292)
OpenIndiana/oi-docs: docs/handbook/sunray.md

Now the Sun Ray server installation is ready to serve your Sun Ray DTU. For more configuration options you can use the Oracle/Sun documentation.

> Check the file /etc/opt/SUNWut/policy/utpolicy that there no hdlogin session is referenced. For hdlogin sessions the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the file `/etc/opt/SUNWut/policy/utpolicy` that there is no hdlogin session referenced. For hdlogin sessions the application
```

> /opt/SUNWut/lib/loginGUI is necessary, which needs ancient motif, tooltalk, cde libraries. Without the loginGUI, the session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`/opt/SUNWut/lib/loginGUI` is necessary, which needs ancient motif, tooltalk, and cde libraries. Without the loginGUI, the session
```

> will proteced by the mate-screensaver. If you interested to use hotdesk sessions the libraries are available on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be protected by the mate-screensaver. If you're interested in using hotdesk sessions the libraries are available on
```

> https://pkg.toc.de/sunray. For installation of the old libraries the already installed empty packages have to be replaced.

Reviewer: This should be a markdown link
